well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about some
laws not real laws
figurative laws um
and how they apply outside of the world
they were created in
this video is mainly for people who want
to become politically active
and by that i mean off of social media
who want to get out and influence things
in the tangible
world that's not to downplay those
people who use their social media
accounts
to influence things that is incredibly
important and needs to go on
but a lot of people want to
get out from behind their computer
screen and there are some
laws generated by a guy named murphy
attributed to him
murphy was grunt murphy has more than
100 laws
attributed to him it didn't actually
come up with all of them
in fact nobody really knows if murphy
was a real person
but murphy's laws of combat
are transferable to politics
why because war is a continuation of
politics by
other means class fits
a lot of the rules overlap because
they're the same thing we've talked
about it on this channel how
there are some strategies that are used
in war that are really just pr campaigns
with violence
it's politics okay
so if you're a grassroots organizer you
need to understand that free
friendly fire isn't
why is that important your allies
those people on the same team as you can
be more devastating to you
than whatever it is you're working
against
because they may have a slightly
different view
so they engage in infighting or they
just may
make a mistake scramble messaging
whatever
we've talked about that bus analogy
before on this channel
if you and another person
get on a bus in florida and you're
headed to california
and they're only headed to texas y'all
can ride with each other
y'all can roll out together eventually
one of you is going to get off the bus
but until then you're headed the same
direction
you are on the same team and that needs
to be uh
something that everybody keeps in mind
you are not superman take note marines
that's the law take note street
activists
a lot of the stuff you engage in you can
actually get hurt doing
you're not immune you're not superman
you are not superwoman
keep that in mind a lot of the stuff
that goes on is dangerous
no plan survives first contact and this
is also coupled with
there's no such thing as a perfect plan
what this means is you have to be
adaptable you know everybody has this
idea
of how their fundraising campaign or
their signature drive
or their demonstration their public
event
they have an idea of how it's going to
go it's not going to go that way
it never does you have to be adaptable
otherwise you will become overtaken by
events and will fail
your plan will not succeed not
not in its first draft promise
thousands of veterans earn medals for
bravery every day
some even get awarded
what that means is that you can't
do this you can't become an activist you
can't get out there and get into
politics for recognition
because odds are you're not going to get
it you have to truly believe in the
cause
you have to be in it for that that's why
you're going to be brave that's why
you're going to take the risks that's
why you're going to dedicate yourself to
it
not for social media clout not for
recognition but to actually get
something done
if you're in it for
medals i would just like to remind
everybody
most medals of honor are handed to a
family member
recognition isn't that important winning
is
decisions made over your head are seldom
in your best interests
every grassroots group every
community network every political cause
that even remotely begins
to be successful a major political party
will try to co-opt that message
sometimes that's good sometimes that's
the goal
is to get a major political party to
pick up your message but what you have
to remember is those who are over your
head
those that outrank you those that are
part of those political machines
most of them are not in it for the cause
they're in it for recognition
they're in it for power which means when
they get behind closed doors
they don't really care about you you
become a chip
and they will cash you in
whenever it suits them
this is important for people to
understand
because if you understand this you are
less likely to succumb to
partisan politics and thinking that
one side of the aisle or the other is
your friend
most aren't on either side
established roads are always mined
established roads are always mined fact
in politics what's what this means is
that you can't do it the same way
if you're out there in the community you
can't use
the tactics that have been used before
and people try to encourage you to do
that ignore them
well they could do it the way martin
luther king did
another camp the establishment's already
seen that
they've got defenses against it they
have checkpoints up
you have to do it differently if you
want to be effective
you can follow the same general idea but
you can't use that same road
it will not work you'll walk into an
ambush
when the warrant officer laughs and says
watch this
leave
this is mainly for people who are at
street events
when the person in a mask
says watch this leave odds are you don't
want to be around
um that's typically when things are
going to escalate
there are people who are willing to take
things to a more drastic level than you
you don't want to be around um if that
isn't you if you're not the one saying
watch this
and laughing you need to remove yourself
it's better for everybody everybody
involved
if people who are not involved
uh vacate and they're not there
the diversion you're ignoring is the
main attack we hear this a lot
well that's just a distraction that's
just a diversion from this issue over
here
the establishment can do a whole bunch
of bad things at one time
they really can they can multitask
most times that diversion that
distraction
is just something else they want to
accomplish
and they know that people are
overwhelmed there's a lot going on
so they can't focus on everything it
wants
it's probably not a diversion it still
needs to be addressed
yes prioritize make sure you are
fighting the fights that not only
need to be fought but those that are big
enough to matter and small enough to win
but don't discount something
that the establishment is doing that
your opposition is doing
simply because it happened at an
inopportune time
because you'd rather focus on something
else
filled experience is something you don't
get until just
after you need it this goes for
everything
this goes for street events public
speaking fundraising
signature drives whatever community
networking in general
you're going to fail in the beginning
you are going to mess stuff up
you get better each time don't give up
every command that can be misunderstood
will be misunderstood
in the political world this really
applies to slogans
if your slogan isn't clear if your
talking points aren't clear people will
misunderstand them because they want to
it's something you need to be aware of
not necessarily a void
you know everybody in the country knows
really knows what black lives matter
means
there's no real debate over that
nobody's confused over it
they just pretend like they are
they're misunderstanding it on purpose
i would suggest that in some cases
that's okay
i would suggest in that case it's been
incredibly beneficial
because it keeps people talking about it
and discussing it
and debating it and many
activities when you're talking about
politics out in the real world
grassroots stuff
community stuff getting attention is the
main thing
keeping the conversation going is the
so i don't know that you would want a
super clear
slogan all the time but you want one
that can be easily explained
success occurs when nobody is watching
failure occurs in front of the general
and politics failure occurs on prime
time
if you're setting up rallies
and you have a hundred days of rallies
where everything went fine everything
was peaceful everything was great there
were no issues whatsoever
and you have one that gets out of hand
which one makes the news
your failures will be broadcast
accept it accept it and learn from them
don't get mad because even when there's
a failure it's getting media attention
even a failure helps keep that
conversation going
and in a lot of cases that's really the
goal
professional soldiers are predictable
but the world is full of amateurs
one that is incredibly important
in in both in both settings
when you are dealing with professional
people you can predict them
you got a pretty good idea of what
they're going to do because they're
trained
when you're dealing with amateurs you
have no clue what they're going to do
and this goes a whole bunch of different
ways one you need to be aware of it so
you can uh
you can embrace it at times if you have
a plan
and you're it's just not getting any
traction
and somebody who knows nothing about
this who just showed up
it's like hey why don't we try this and
it completely doesn't make sense it's
unexpected
it's just it seems ignorant
odds are that's going to work because
the other side isn't expecting
it you also need to be prepared for the
time when everything's going great
and one of the people who just started
you know getting out there and just
became politically active
talks to the media and says something
that can discredit your whole movement
professional soldiers are predictable
but the world is full of amateurs
the last one the one that is most
important
cavalry's not coming
it's just you if you're going to get out
there and
engage in community building grassroots
stuff
you're on your own odds are despite
internet rumors nobody's coming to fund
you
nobody's going to write you a big check
or rent you buses
it's just you and you've got to figure
it out
so we're going to take a quick break and
uh
come back and we're going to give give
an idea of how all of this can be
exploited how these laws you can turn
this to your favor
okay so
you got a good idea about the laws now
process that
you can't do it alone you need a
community network you need a team
people talk about this ask about it it's
you and your friends
that just make the overt commitment to
making your community better
that's it that's your only goal don't
organize for any other reason
in the beginning just to make your
community better
and to help each other out when one of
you need something the other one is
going to help
and you make it a commitment you make it
you make it formalized
beyond just your normal friendship
and you start there it'll grow there
will be more people that want to get in
on this as you go but if you do that
and you get that community network put
together
a lot of these problems you don't have
to worry about anymore the bus analogy
friendly fire you're all on the same
team and you know it
you're gonna work together you don't
have people
trying to escalate things and get past
what you're
willing to do you're adaptable because
you have a whole bunch of different
people with different skill sets
you have experience in different areas
all of the problems that get raised by
these laws
are solved with a good team with a good
group of people a good network
and then it becomes easy because it is
the
it's the idea that
it's you guys it's your group it's your
team
against the world you will have each
other's back
a a a street decor will form
you will become a unit
and you will be a whole lot more
effective
you can't do all of this on your own you
need a group
if you want to get out there you want to
make real change you cannot do it alone
and the first step to having a team to
back you up
is building that team anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night